# 9103 Creative Coding Individual Work

## Instructions on how to interact with the work
Compared to the initial code, the final code mainly shows the animation effect with perlin noise. Use perlin noise to vibrate elements in the graphics and add a smoke effect to the background.
## Details of your individual approach to animating the group code.
I choose Perlin noise to drive my individual code.

In drawCircleRing, Perlin noise was added to make the circles on the border fluctuate dynamically. The position of the circle will fluctuate slightly over time (noiseFactor * 5), and the size of the circle will also change dynamically (0.8 + noiseFactor * 0.4), finally achieving the dynamic effect of the border circle.

Perlin noise is added to both the starting point and the end point of the line, and (noiseFactor * 5) controls the starting point of the line with a small fluctuation, while (noiseFactor * 10) controls the end point of the line with a large fluctuation, thus realizing the dynamic effect of drawRadialLines

The drawConcentricCircle uses (noiseFactor * 10) to control the slight deviation of the center position, and (0.95 + noiseFactor) controls the slight change in the size of the circle to finally achieve the dynamic effect of concentric circles.

A semi-transparent smoke particle system is added to the background, where the position, size, and transparency of the particles are controlled by Perlin noise. It also contains particles of warm and cool tones to create a sense of layering. Finally, randomly add large smoke effect and high highlight to achieve the background smoke effect.

I was inspired by the vibrations of the sound and chose to manipulate the element vibrations in the graphics with Perlin noise. In this semester, I saw a lot of code cases on the openprocessing website, among which the effect of smoke impressed me deeply. So I chose this effect as part of my personal assignment.

Different from other team members, my personal code mainly presents the animation effect of vibration generated by Perlin noise.